[KOGITO-8818] Rearrange guides to add operator and quarkus cloud (#313)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/install-serverless-operator.adoc

= Install the {operator_name}
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Install the operator on Kubernetes clusters

> :keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube, openshift, containers
```

To uninstall the {operator_name}, first you should remove all the object instances managed by it. Then, you can delete every object created during the installation.

To delete every object instance managed by the workflow in your cluster, you can run these series of commands:

.Delete every {product_name} object instances
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
kubectl delete --all workflow --all-namespaces
kubectl delete --all kogitoserverlessbuild --all-namespaces
kubectl delete --all kogitoserverlessplatform --all-namespaces
----

Alternatively, if you created everything under the same namespace, deleting the given namespace has the same outcome.

To uninstall the correct version of the operator, first you must get the current version by running:

.Getting the operator version
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
kubectl get deployment kogito-serverless-operator-controller-manager -n kogito-serverless-operator-system -o jsonpath="{.spec.template.spec.containers[?(@.name=='manager')].image}"

quay.io/kiegroup/kogito-serverless-operator-nightly:1.34.0%
----

> The operator manager image reflects the current operator's version. Replace the major and minor version name in the command bellow. For example, if the image version is `1.34.0` use `1.34` in the placeholder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The operator manager image reflects the current operator's version. Replace the major and minor version names in the command below. For example, if the image version is `1.34.0` use `1.34` in the placeholder:
```
